Add climate platform to Tessie (#30247)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tessie.markdown

- Tire Pressure Warning Rear Left
- Tire Pressure Warning Rear Right

### Climate

The integration will create a climate entity to control the vehicles climate control system. This entity can:

- Turn on and off
- Change the drivers set temperature
- Change to one of the three keep modes: Keep, Dog, and Climate

> The passengers set temp is shown as a sensor, but cannot be changed by Tessie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The passenger set temperature is shown as a sensor but cannot be changed by Tessie.
```
